Document TranslateReplyToAddressForFailedMessages for the bridge (#6814)
Particular/docs.particular.net: nservicebus/bridge/configuration_failed-messages_bridge_[2,).partial.md

> ### Handling of failed messages

Reviewer: should we call this "Error queue" to be in line with the above heading of "audit queue"?

Author: Done

> By default, when the bridge transfers a message to the ServiceControl transport it will not attempt to translate the [`NServiceBus.ReplyToAddress`](/nservicebus/messaging/headers.md#messaging-interaction-headers-nservicebus-replytoaddress) message header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, when the bridge transfers a message to the ServiceControl error queue it will not attempt to translate the [`NServiceBus.ReplyToAddress`](/nservicebus/messaging/headers.md#messaging-interaction-headers-nservicebus-replytoaddress) message header.
```

This means that endpoints only need to be registered with the bridge if they are directly involved with messages transferred between transports.

> The drawback is that if an endpoint is moved to a different transport, then any failed messages from that endpoint cannot be retried since the value in the `NServiceBus.ReplyToAddress` header no longer exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The drawback is that if an endpoint is moved to a different transport, then any failed messages from that endpoint cannot be retried since the value in the `NServiceBus.ReplyToAddress` header is unreachable.
```

This behavior can be changed by configuring the bridge to translate the `NServiceBus.ReplyToAddress` message header for failed messages.

snippet: translate-reply-to-address-for-failed-messages

> [!WARNING]

> > Since any endpoint can generate a failed message, enabling translation of the `NServiceBus.ReplyToAddress` header requires that all endpoints are registered with the bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Since any endpoint can generate a failed message, enabling translation of the `NServiceBus.ReplyToAddress` header requires that all endpoints participating in the 'conversation' (either as receivers of the message or part of the `ReplyTo` chain) are registered with the bridge.
```

Author: As discussed on call, this change isn't necessary since all endpoints that generate errors (which need to be bridged to SC) will have a ReplyTo header that needs translation

> > Otherwise failed messages from unregistered endpoints will be moved to the `bridge.error` queue instead of correctly transferred to the ServiceControl `error` queue.

Reviewer: It's not instead as it's not an endpoint error but a bridge error

```suggestion
> Message that fail during bridge address translation due to unknown endpoints will be moved to the `bridge.error` queue.
```
